feat(rustc): do not require a main function + support 2024 edition (#225)
mrcjkb/rustaceanvim: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [Unreleased]

> ### Changed
> 
> - Rustc: Do not need a main function, and make it can use 2024 edition
>   by unstable-options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Added

- Rustc: Do not require a main function,
  and support the 2024 edition
  via `unstable-options`.
```
